As always you find more and more fertile docks here in the guide section under theming.
There you can learn how theming generally works.
You can learn more about sears as variables and so on but I will walk you through the important concepts
here in this module.
But one thing I want to bring to your attention right now already is this Sears as utilities thing here.
Now we had a look at this a couple of times already fraught this course I'm talking about these utilities
see us as attributes you can add to any element to for example align your text or to align your items
in an ionic grid and so on.
Now this is of course all the related to styling.
These are just some default styles which you can by the way also adjust through C as as variables but
more on that later that you can drop on any element in your application.
So definitely be aware of this page and feel free to dive into it if you need some general styling like
I want to add a margin.
Well then you can just drop the margin attribute on the item instead of writing your own C as as rule
but with that let's dive into our actual code now and play around with the theme and so on.